Solarized Colorscheme for Mate Terminal
========================================

Scripts for setting the Solarized color set with Mate Terminal.

Colors
------

Only the foreground, background and highlight colors are different in the light
and dark color sets, as one of the main ideas behind Ethan Schonoovers work is
to use the same colors in the palette for both.

If you are not happy, you can change which colors are used for what in the
shell. This can be done by using [ls-colors-solarized].

See the [Solarized homepage] for theory behind the colors, screenshots, details
and colorscheme versions for Vim, Mutt, popular terminal emulators and other
applications.

For the original works of Ethan Schoonover, visit the [Solarized repository].
The scripts for Mate Terminal is maintained in [Mate Terminal Colors
Solarized repository].

Installation and usage
----------------------

Clone the [git repository], then run `./solarize`. To change between light and
dark background, run `./solarize` again.

    $ git clone git://github.com/NeuralSandwich/mate-terminal-colors-solarized.git
    $ cd mate-terminal-colors-solarized
    $ ./solarize

### Mate 1.6 or higher

If you are running on <b>Linux Mint or Ubuntu</b> with Mate 1.6 (or higher),
do not forget to install dconf-cli if you don't already have it :

    $ sudo apt-get install dconf-cli

Only the `install.sh` script is compatible with <b>Mate-Terminal >= 3.8</b>.

    $ ./install.sh
    
And just follow the instructions.

Uninstall
---------

Change to another profile in Mate Terminal, then remove the Solarized profile
by running:

### Mate 3.8 or higher

For Mate 3.8 or higher, be sure to have the dconf-cli package installed
if you are running on Ubuntu or Linux Mint and do :

    $ dconf reset -f /org/Mate/terminal/legacy/profiles:/PROFILE_ID"

Replace PROFILE_ID by your profile ID (you can get it in your profile
configuration in Mate-terminal).

Contributors
------------

* Sean Jones <neuralsandwich@gmail.com>
* Sigurd Gartmann <sigurdga@sigurdga.no>
* Paul Thomson <captbunzo@gmail.com>
* Techlive Zheng <techlivezheng@gmail.com>
* Daniel Graña <dangra@gmail.com>

FAQ
===

Conflicting background colors in VIM
------------------------------------

Use the 16 colors terminal option to get VIM to look like GVIM with solarized
colors.

    set t_Co=16
[Mate Terminal Colors Solarized repository]: https://github.com/NeuralSandwich/mate-terminal-colors-solarized
[Solarized homepage]:   http://ethanschoonover.com/solarized
[Solarized repository]: https://github.com/altercation/solarized
[Gnome Terminal Colors Solarized repository]: https://github.com/sigurdga/mate-terminal-colors-solarized
[ls-colors-solarized]: https://github.com/sigurdga/ls-colors-solarized
